=== ADMINS ===
admin1@planteshop.com password
admin2@planteshop.com password
admin3@planteshop.com password

=== USERS ===
gomez.adrienne@example.com password
brunel.philippine@example.net password
marie.martin@example.net password
ofleury@example.org password
juliette.leconte@example.com password
qblanc@example.com password
rtecher@example.net password
lucie40@example.net password
charles80@example.com password
girard.benoit@example.org password
imuller@example.com password
jacquot.philippine@example.com password
rcharles@example.net password
stephanie29@example.org password
thierry.couturier@example.com password
dpierre@example.com password
elise80@example.org password
antoine.pottier@example.net password
lefebvre.alice@example.net password
agodard@example.net password
